README.md, before:

# 🧠 Problem Solving in JavaScript

This repository contains my solutions to coding challenges from different problem solving platforms.  
I use JavaScript and organize solutions by platform and topic.

> **Note:**  
> Some problems may have more than one solution.  
> Not all solutions are originally mine — in some cases, I research and add optimized or alternative solutions from other sources for the purpose of learning, comparison, and improving my problem-solving skills.  
> Each solution included here helps me understand different approaches and patterns.

> **Note about Codewars:**  
> I initially started solving problems on Codewars because I had heard it was an easy entry point. However, I found the problems too easy to help me grow significantly, so I switched focus to LeetCode to challenge myself with more algorithmic problems and improve my problem-solving skills.

## 🌐 Platforms

- LeetCode
- Codewars

## 🎯 Goals

- Improve algorithmic thinking
- Prepare for technical interviews
- Build a public portfolio of JavaScript solutions
- Practice regularly to keep coding skills sharp
- Code consistently to maintain proficiency

## 📋 CodeWars Problem List

| Problem | File |
|--------|------|
| [Credit Card Mask](https://www.codewars.com/kata/credit-card-mask) | [`7kyu-credit-card-mask.js`](codewars/7kyu-credit-card-mask.js) |
| [Multiples of 3 or 5](https://www.codewars.com/kata/multiples-of-3-or-5) | [`6kyu-multiples-of-3-or-5.js`](codewars/6kyu-multiples-of-3-or-5.js) |
| [Vowel Count](https://www.codewars.com/kata/vowel-count) | [`7kyu-vowel-count.js`](codewars/7kyu-vowel-count.js) |

#### 📊 Codewars Stats

![Codewars Badges](https://www.codewars.com/users/Hagar253/badges/large)

## 📋 LeetCode Problem List

| ID | Problem | File | Difficulty | Technique Used |
|----|--------|------|------------|----------------|
| 1 | [Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum) | [`1.two-sum.js`](leetcode/1.two-sum.js) | Easy | Hash map lookup |
| 9 | [Palindrome Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number) | [`9.palindrome-number.js`](leetcode/9.palindrome-number.js) | Easy | Reverse number comparison |
| 20 | [Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum) | [`20.valid-parentheses.js`](leetcode/20.valid-parentheses.js) | Easy | Stack-based |
| 26 | [Remove Duplicates From Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array) | [`26.remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array.js`](leetcode/26.remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array.js) | Easy | Two pointers |
| 58 | [Length of Last Word](https://leetcode.com/problems/length-of-last-word) | [`58.length-of-last-word.js`](leetcode/58.length-of-last-word.js) | Easy | Reverse traversal |
| 88 | [Merge Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-sorted-array) | [`88.merge-sorted-array.js`](leetcode/88.merge-sorted-array.js) | Easy | Truncate, Append, and Sort |
| 2620 | [Counter](https://leetcode.com/problems/counter) | [`2620.counter.js`](leetcode/2620.counter.js) | Easy | Closure with internal state |
| 2621 | [Sleep](https://leetcode.com/problems/sleep) | [`2621.sleep.js`](leetcode/2621.sleep.js) | Easy | Promise with setTimeout |
| 2622 | [Cache With Time Limit](https://leetcode.com/problems/cache-with-time-limit) | [`2622.cache-with-time-limit.js`](leetcode/2622.cache-with-time-limit.js) | Medium | Map with expiration timestamps |
| 2623 | [Memoize](https://leetcode.com/problems/memoize) | [`2623.memoize.js`](leetcode/2623.memoize.js) | Medium | Caching with Map |
| 2625 | [Flatten Deeply Nested Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/flatten-deeply-nested-array) | [`2625.flatten-deeply-nested-array.js`](leetcode/2625.flatten-deeply-nested-array.js) | Medium | Recursion / reduce-based flattening |
| 2626 | [Array Reduce Transformation](https://leetcode.com/problems/array-reduce-transformation) | [`2626.array-reduce-transformation.js`](leetcode/2626.array-reduce-transformation.js) | Easy | Manual reduce implementation |
| 2627 | [Debounce](https://leetcode.com/problems/debounce) | [`2627.debounce.js`](leetcode/2627.debounce.js) | Medium | setTimeout debouncing |
| 2629 | [Function Composition](https://leetcode.com/problems/function-composition) | [`2629.function-composition.js`](leetcode/2629.function-composition.js) | Easy | Function composition |
| 2631 | [Group By](https://leetcode.com/problems/group-by) | [`2631.group-by.js`](leetcode/2631.group-by.js) | Medium | Iterative loop / Array reduce |
| 2634 | [Filter Elements From Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/filter-elements-from-array) | [`2634.filter-elements-from-array.js`](leetcode/2634.filter-elements-from-array.js) | Easy | Array filtering |
| 2635 | [Apply Transform Over Each Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/apply-transform-over-each-element-in-array) | [`2635.apply-transform-over-each-element-in-array.js`](leetcode/2635.apply-transform-over-each-element-in-array.js) | Easy | Array iteration |
| 2637 | [Promise Time Limit](https://leetcode.com/problems/promise-time-limit) | [`2637.promise-time-limit.js`](leetcode/2637.promise-time-limit.js) | Medium | Promise.race with timeout |
| 2666 | [Allow One Function Call](https://leetcode.com/problems/allow-one-function-call) | [`2666.allow-one-function-call.js`](leetcode/2666.allow-one-function-call.js) | Easy | Closure with boolean flag |
| 2667 | [Create Hello World Function](https://leetcode.com/problems/create-hello-world-function) | [`2667.create-hello-world-function.js`](leetcode/2667.create-hello-world-function.js) | Easy | Closure |
| 2677 | [Chunk Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/chunk-array) | [`2677.chunk-array.js`](leetcode/2677.chunk-array.js) | Easy | Iteration with slicing |
| 2694 | [Event Emitter](https://leetcode.com/problems/event-emitter) | [`2694.event-emitterjs`](leetcode/2694.event-emitter.js) | Medium | Event subscription pattern |
| 2703 | [Return Length of Arguments Passed](https://leetcode.com/problems/return-length-of-arguments-passed) | [`2703.return-length-of-arguments-passed.js`](leetcode/2703.return-length-of-arguments-passed.js) | Easy | Rest parameters |
| 2705 | [Compact Object](https://leetcode.com/problems/compact-object) | [`2705.compact-object.js`](leetcode/2705.compact-object.js) | Medium | Recursive Traversal |
| 2715 | [Timeout Cancellation](https://leetcode.com/problems/timeout-cancellation) | [`2715.timeout-cancellation.js`](leetcode/2715.timeout-cancellation.js) | Easy | setTimeout + clearTimeout |
| 2721 | [Execute Asynchronous Functions in Parallel](https://leetcode.com/problems/execute-asynchronous-functions-in-parallel) | [`2721.execute-asynchronous-functions-in-parallel.js`](leetcode/2721.execute-asynchronous-functions-in-parallel.js) | Medium | Manual promise aggregation |
| 2722 | [Join Two Arrays by ID](https://leetcode.com/problems/join-two-arrays-by-id) | [`2722.join-two-arrays-by-id.js`](leetcode/2722.join-two-arrays-by-id.js) | Medium | Map-based object merging |
| 2724 | [Sort By](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-by) | [`2724.sort-by.js`](leetcode/2724.sort-by.js) | Easy | Custom sort comparator |
| 2726 | [Calculator with Method Chaining](https://leetcode.com/problems/calculator-with-method-chaining) | [`2726.calculator-with-method-chaining.js`](leetcode/2726.calculator-with-method-chaining.js) | Easy | Method chaining with class |
| 3010 | [Divide an Array Into Subarrays With Minimum Cost I](https://leetcode.com/problems/divide-an-array-into-subarrays-with-minimum-cost-i) | [`3010.divide-an-array-into-subarrays-with-minimum-cost-I.js`](leetcode/3010.divide-an-array-into-subarrays-with-minimum-cost-I.js) | Easy | Nested loops |

#### 📊 LeetCode Stats
<p>
    <a href="https://leetcode.com/u/ahagarshaheen2004/">
        <img src="https://leetcard.jacoblin.cool/ahagarshaheen2004?theme=dark&ext=heatmap">
    </a>
</p>

Commit message:

Add problem 3013 to README with details

README.md, after:

# 🧠 Problem Solving in JavaScript

This repository contains my solutions to coding challenges from different problem solving platforms.  
I use JavaScript and organize solutions by platform and topic.

> **Note:**  
> Some problems may have more than one solution.  
> Not all solutions are originally mine — in some cases, I research and add optimized or alternative solutions from other sources for the purpose of learning, comparison, and improving my problem-solving skills.  
> Each solution included here helps me understand different approaches and patterns.

> **Note about Codewars:**  
> I initially started solving problems on Codewars because I had heard it was an easy entry point. However, I found the problems too easy to help me grow significantly, so I switched focus to LeetCode to challenge myself with more algorithmic problems and improve my problem-solving skills.

## 🌐 Platforms

- LeetCode
- Codewars

## 🎯 Goals

- Improve algorithmic thinking
- Prepare for technical interviews
- Build a public portfolio of JavaScript solutions
- Practice regularly to keep coding skills sharp
- Code consistently to maintain proficiency

## 📋 CodeWars Problem List

| Problem | File |
|--------|------|
| [Credit Card Mask](https://www.codewars.com/kata/credit-card-mask) | [`7kyu-credit-card-mask.js`](codewars/7kyu-credit-card-mask.js) |
| [Multiples of 3 or 5](https://www.codewars.com/kata/multiples-of-3-or-5) | [`6kyu-multiples-of-3-or-5.js`](codewars/6kyu-multiples-of-3-or-5.js) |
| [Vowel Count](https://www.codewars.com/kata/vowel-count) | [`7kyu-vowel-count.js`](codewars/7kyu-vowel-count.js) |

#### 📊 Codewars Stats

![Codewars Badges](https://www.codewars.com/users/Hagar253/badges/large)

## 📋 LeetCode Problem List

| ID | Problem | File | Difficulty | Technique Used |
|----|--------|------|------------|----------------|
| 1 | [Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum) | [`1.two-sum.js`](leetcode/1.two-sum.js) | Easy | Hash map lookup |
| 9 | [Palindrome Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number) | [`9.palindrome-number.js`](leetcode/9.palindrome-number.js) | Easy | Reverse number comparison |
| 20 | [Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum) | [`20.valid-parentheses.js`](leetcode/20.valid-parentheses.js) | Easy | Stack-based |
| 26 | [Remove Duplicates From Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array) | [`26.remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array.js`](leetcode/26.remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array.js) | Easy | Two pointers |
| 58 | [Length of Last Word](https://leetcode.com/problems/length-of-last-word) | [`58.length-of-last-word.js`](leetcode/58.length-of-last-word.js) | Easy | Reverse traversal |
| 88 | [Merge Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-sorted-array) | [`88.merge-sorted-array.js`](leetcode/88.merge-sorted-array.js) | Easy | Truncate, Append, and Sort |
| 2620 | [Counter](https://leetcode.com/problems/counter) | [`2620.counter.js`](leetcode/2620.counter.js) | Easy | Closure with internal state |
| 2621 | [Sleep](https://leetcode.com/problems/sleep) | [`2621.sleep.js`](leetcode/2621.sleep.js) | Easy | Promise with setTimeout |
| 2622 | [Cache With Time Limit](https://leetcode.com/problems/cache-with-time-limit) | [`2622.cache-with-time-limit.js`](leetcode/2622.cache-with-time-limit.js) | Medium | Map with expiration timestamps |
| 2623 | [Memoize](https://leetcode.com/problems/memoize) | [`2623.memoize.js`](leetcode/2623.memoize.js) | Medium | Caching with Map |
| 2625 | [Flatten Deeply Nested Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/flatten-deeply-nested-array) | [`2625.flatten-deeply-nested-array.js`](leetcode/2625.flatten-deeply-nested-array.js) | Medium | Recursion / reduce-based flattening |
| 2626 | [Array Reduce Transformation](https://leetcode.com/problems/array-reduce-transformation) | [`2626.array-reduce-transformation.js`](leetcode/2626.array-reduce-transformation.js) | Easy | Manual reduce implementation |
| 2627 | [Debounce](https://leetcode.com/problems/debounce) | [`2627.debounce.js`](leetcode/2627.debounce.js) | Medium | setTimeout debouncing |
| 2629 | [Function Composition](https://leetcode.com/problems/function-composition) | [`2629.function-composition.js`](leetcode/2629.function-composition.js) | Easy | Function composition |
| 2631 | [Group By](https://leetcode.com/problems/group-by) | [`2631.group-by.js`](leetcode/2631.group-by.js) | Medium | Iterative loop / Array reduce |
| 2634 | [Filter Elements From Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/filter-elements-from-array) | [`2634.filter-elements-from-array.js`](leetcode/2634.filter-elements-from-array.js) | Easy | Array filtering |
| 2635 | [Apply Transform Over Each Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/apply-transform-over-each-element-in-array) | [`2635.apply-transform-over-each-element-in-array.js`](leetcode/2635.apply-transform-over-each-element-in-array.js) | Easy | Array iteration |
| 2637 | [Promise Time Limit](https://leetcode.com/problems/promise-time-limit) | [`2637.promise-time-limit.js`](leetcode/2637.promise-time-limit.js) | Medium | Promise.race with timeout |
| 2666 | [Allow One Function Call](https://leetcode.com/problems/allow-one-function-call) | [`2666.allow-one-function-call.js`](leetcode/2666.allow-one-function-call.js) | Easy | Closure with boolean flag |
| 2667 | [Create Hello World Function](https://leetcode.com/problems/create-hello-world-function) | [`2667.create-hello-world-function.js`](leetcode/2667.create-hello-world-function.js) | Easy | Closure |
| 2677 | [Chunk Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/chunk-array) | [`2677.chunk-array.js`](leetcode/2677.chunk-array.js) | Easy | Iteration with slicing |
| 2694 | [Event Emitter](https://leetcode.com/problems/event-emitter) | [`2694.event-emitterjs`](leetcode/2694.event-emitter.js) | Medium | Event subscription pattern |
| 2703 | [Return Length of Arguments Passed](https://leetcode.com/problems/return-length-of-arguments-passed) | [`2703.return-length-of-arguments-passed.js`](leetcode/2703.return-length-of-arguments-passed.js) | Easy | Rest parameters |
| 2705 | [Compact Object](https://leetcode.com/problems/compact-object) | [`2705.compact-object.js`](leetcode/2705.compact-object.js) | Medium | Recursive Traversal |
| 2715 | [Timeout Cancellation](https://leetcode.com/problems/timeout-cancellation) | [`2715.timeout-cancellation.js`](leetcode/2715.timeout-cancellation.js) | Easy | setTimeout + clearTimeout |
| 2721 | [Execute Asynchronous Functions in Parallel](https://leetcode.com/problems/execute-asynchronous-functions-in-parallel) | [`2721.execute-asynchronous-functions-in-parallel.js`](leetcode/2721.execute-asynchronous-functions-in-parallel.js) | Medium | Manual promise aggregation |
| 2722 | [Join Two Arrays by ID](https://leetcode.com/problems/join-two-arrays-by-id) | [`2722.join-two-arrays-by-id.js`](leetcode/2722.join-two-arrays-by-id.js) | Medium | Map-based object merging |
| 2724 | [Sort By](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-by) | [`2724.sort-by.js`](leetcode/2724.sort-by.js) | Easy | Custom sort comparator |
| 2726 | [Calculator with Method Chaining](https://leetcode.com/problems/calculator-with-method-chaining) | [`2726.calculator-with-method-chaining.js`](leetcode/2726.calculator-with-method-chaining.js) | Easy | Method chaining with class |
| 3010 | [Divide an Array Into Subarrays With Minimum Cost I](https://leetcode.com/problems/divide-an-array-into-subarrays-with-minimum-cost-i) | [`3010.divide-an-array-into-subarrays-with-minimum-cost-I.js`](leetcode/3010.divide-an-array-into-subarrays-with-minimum-cost-I.js) | Easy | Nested loops |
| 3013 | [Divide an Array Into Subarrays With Minimum Cost II](https://leetcode.com/problems/divide-an-array-into-subarrays-with-minimum-cost-ii) | [`3013.divide-an-array-into-subarrays-with-minimum-cost-II.js`](leetcode/3013.divide-an-array-into-subarrays-with-minimum-cost-II.js) | Hard | Sliding Windows and Heaps |

#### 📊 LeetCode Stats
<p>
    <a href="https://leetcode.com/u/ahagarshaheen2004/">
        <img src="https://leetcard.jacoblin.cool/ahagarshaheen2004?theme=dark&ext=heatmap">
    </a>
</p>
